Add ordering and forecasting. (#15177)
cockroachdb/docs: v22.2/show-statistics.md

  __auto__        | {vehicle_id}              | 2022-09-22 16:45:29.957103 |       500 |             15 |          0 |       17 | 798866571208720385
  __auto__        | {start_address}           | 2022-09-22 16:45:29.957103 |       500 |            500 |          0 |       25 | 798866571232575489
  __auto__        | {end_address}             | 2022-09-22 16:45:29.957103 |       500 |            500 |          0 |       25 | 798866571245191169
  __auto__        | {start_time}              | 2022-09-22 16:45:29.957103 |       500 |             30 |          0 |        7 | 798866571257315329
  __auto__        | {end_time}                | 2022-09-22 16:45:29.957103 |       500 |            367 |          0 |        7 | 798866571269537793
  __auto__        | {revenue}                 | 2022-09-22 16:45:29.957103 |       500 |            100 |          0 |        6 | 798866571283103745
(13 rows)
~~~

### Show forecast statistics

The `WITH FORECAST` option calculates and displays forecasted statistics along with the existing table statistics. The forecast is a simple regression model that predicts how the statistics have changed since they were last collected.

> CockroachDB generates forecasted statistics when a couple of conditions are met:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CockroachDB generates forecasted statistics when the following conditions are met:
```

- There need to be at least 3 historical statistics collections.
- The historical statistics need to closely fit a linear pattern.

> The following example shows 3 historical statistics collections and the subsequent forecast.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows 3 historical statistics collections and the subsequent forecast:
```

{% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
~~~ sql

> > SHOW STATISTICS FOR TABLE rides with FORECAST;

Author: ```suggestion
> SHOW STATISTICS FOR TABLE rides WITH FORECAST;
```
